Improve support in IE11 and other lacking browsers (#1808)
cloudfour/cloudfour.com-patterns: .changeset/slimy-readers-try.md

---
'@cloudfour/patterns': minor
---

> Improve support in IE11 and other lacking browsers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add color and other miscellaneous fixes to improve accessibility of content in older browsers
```
